@node Audio
@chapter Audio

Guile-2D provides a simple wrapper over SDL's mixer API for working
with music and sound effects.

@menu
* Music
* Samples
@end menu

@node Music
@section Music

Music objects are used for a game's background music. Only one music
object is playing at any given time.

@anchor{2d audio make-music}@defspec make-music
@end defspec

@anchor{2d audio load-music}@defun load-music filename
Load music from FILENAME.  Return #f on failure.

@end defun

@anchor{2d audio music?}@defspec music?
@end defspec

@anchor{2d audio music-audio}@defspec music-audio
@end defspec

@anchor{2d audio music-pause}@defun music-pause
@end defun

@anchor{2d audio music-paused?}@defun music-paused?
@end defun

@anchor{2d audio music-play}@defun music-play music
Play MUSIC.

@end defun

@anchor{2d audio music-playing?}@defun music-playing?
@end defun

@anchor{2d audio music-resume}@defun music-resume
@end defun

@anchor{2d audio music-rewind}@defun music-rewind
@end defun

@anchor{2d audio music-stop}@defun music-stop
@end defun

@anchor{2d audio music-volume}@defun music-volume
Return the volume that music is played at.

@end defun

@node Samples
@section Samples

Samples are short audio clips, typically sound effects. Many samples
can be played at the same time.

@anchor{2d audio make-sample}@defspec make-sample
@end defspec

@anchor{2d audio load-sample}@defun load-sample filename
Load audio sample from FILENAME.  Return #f on failure.

@end defun

@anchor{2d audio sample?}@defspec sample?
@end defspec

@anchor{2d audio sample-audio}@defspec sample-audio
@end defspec

@anchor{2d audio sample-play}@defun sample-play sample
Play audio SAMPLE.

@end defun

@anchor{2d audio sample-volume}@defun sample-volume
Return volume that samples are played at.

@end defun

@anchor{2d audio set-music-volume}@defun set-music-volume volume
Set the volume that music is played at.

@end defun

@anchor{2d audio set-sample-volume}@defun set-sample-volume volume
Set the volume that samples are played at to VOLUME.

@end defun
