@node Fonts
@section Fonts

Guile-2D can render TTF fonts via the FTGL library.

@anchor{2d font font-ftgl-font}@defspec font-ftgl-font
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font font-size}@defspec font-size
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font font?}@defspec font?
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font make-font}@defspec make-font
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font set-textbox-color!}@defspec set-textbox-color!
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font set-textbox-position!}@defspec set-textbox-position!
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font set-textbox-text!}@defspec set-textbox-text!
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font textbox-alignment}@defspec textbox-alignment
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font textbox-color}@defspec textbox-color
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font textbox-font}@defspec textbox-font
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font textbox-layout}@defspec textbox-layout
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font textbox-line-length}@defspec textbox-line-length
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font textbox-position}@defspec textbox-position
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font textbox-text}@defspec textbox-text
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font textbox?}@defspec textbox?
@end defspec

@anchor{2d font draw-font}@defun draw-font font text
Renders the string text using the given font.

@end defun

@anchor{2d font draw-textbox}@defun draw-textbox textbox
Draw TEXTBOX.

@end defun

@anchor{2d font load-font}@defun load-font filename size
Load a font from FILENAME with the given SIZE in points.

@end defun

@anchor{2d font make-textbox}@defun make-textbox font text position color alignment line-length
Create a textbox that will draw TEXT with the given FONT, at vector
POSITION, with ALIGNMENT, and a maximum LINE-LENGTH.

@end defun
